hyperledger#2814 (#4713)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/private-data-arch.rst

packaging indexes in a ``META-INF/statedb/couchdb/indexes`` directory at chaincode
installation time.  Similarly, indexes can also be applied to private data
collections that are explicitly defined, by packaging indexes in a ``META-INF/statedb/couchdb/collections/<collection_name>/indexes``

> directory. An example index is available `here <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/{BRANCH}/asset-transfer-ledger-queries/chaincode-go/META-INF/statedb/couchdb/indexes/indexOwner.json>`_.

Reviewer: The link you've provided refers to a general State Index example. For this case, we should use an index example for Private Data Collection instead:
```suggestion
directory. An example index is available `here <https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/blob/{BRANCH}/asset-transfer-private-data/chaincode-go/META-INF/statedb/couchdb/collections/assetCollection/indexes/indexOwner.json>`_.
```

Reviewer 2: We also have not been creating fabric-samples branches to match fabric branches anymore, we've been keeping the fabric-samples main branch stable and working instead. Therefore the `BRANCH` variable should switch to `main`. This could be done in this PR, or it could be done in a separate PR to correct each of the occurrences.

Author: Hello @satota2 and @denyeart , Thank you for suggestions. I have updated the json file link to represent a private data collection state index. I have updated link to use `main` as branch name instead of `BRANCH` variable. I will raise a dedicated PR by fixing all similar occurrences.

Reviewer 2: Thank you!
